it's sadly worrying for me to see
as darkness is gaining ground day
to day in their consciences so I'm going to
try to give them some clarity to
Do not get lost in the confusion
our world is in these
moments at the end of time not
there are beings of light and ' we are not
protecting us we are at zero hour
of the clock we only have our
own light and our own guide
interior is the time in which evil
is free and governing the
land to do and undo us to his
craving and only who wakes up will see and
will realize the truth Jesus has already come and
he left us the guide to evolve
our evolution does not depend on
religious institutions or gurus or
teachers or of sects or currents that
they say they are spiritual and much less
those who charge does not matter the amount
whether it is small or large
because they are sold to darkness and
they have no conscience or extraterrestrials
my new era neither metaphysics nor shaman was
common or witchcraft or the supposed secret
nor in science etcetera all these
they are ways of destruction for the
spirit all the foundations of evolution
are found in the teachings
of Jesus Christ and our consciences
we are surrounded by lies of falsehood
we are governed by egomaniac humans who only
they want power and wealth for themselves and
they in turn are ruled by beings of
darkness all those who do not have
self - awareness are easily
seduced influenced and manipulated
with the supposed new ways of
thinking of being and rejecting
and repudiating his human condition
spiritual and repudiate our world and
there are no more gods but the one that
created the universes when someone from
this world or another can create and
manifest universes then that
say and call yourself god while
we are only molded
of thought of energy and matter
we do not even reach the condition of
small creator beings there are other
races of beings in this and in others
dimensions with greater or lesser capacity
the domain but that does not make them
gods and us before beings
materials we are spiritual beings and the
spirit can not be created by any
be very evolved that is
consider but only by God the
creator of everything visible and invisible
there are people who because of their ignorance
are promoting the second coming of
Jesus Christ for 2012 with the already known
confederation of light with terrible
information by making the
people that jesus is extraterrestrial that
they are beings of light
or worse yet our gods that only with
the intervention of them we are going to
achieve the evolution that are here
to help us and so on just understand
that the changes will not be from outside to
inside but inside out
evolution only depends on each
person and that if at any given time
these beings stop hiding and they
openly present to humanity
the biblical and apocalyptic prophecies
they will be met to the letter
and then better pray for your soul to
that you have clarity of spirit and of
mind because all the powers of the
darkness will already be here on earth and
we will have to face them alone until
that jesus really arrives and ends with
they will be presented in the last days
the antichrist will come with great power
will confuse humanity the antichrist
it will be revealed in a very special way and
glorious name
lords island beautiful of great charisma
intelligence and wisdom to answer
to everything with the name of Jesus the
rulers of the earth will give you power
total will have superhuman powers will
miracles and promises will claim to be god
will try to change the times the forms
and the laws will honor the military force
will persecute who does not want to worship
will bring the great apostasy will not have love
for women will pose as
jesus christ distort the gospels
through your new ideas you will dominate
everyone and everyone is
fascinated with him will cheat his own
sent from God but you will find
resistance in those who have
awakened and they did not forget their mission